Add Content Layer API example (#8)
delucis/starlight-examples: src/content/docs/examples/releases-content-layer.mdx

---
title: List recent releases with the Content Layer API
description: A custom page that lists recent releases for a GitHub repository using the Content Layer API
---

import StackBlitz from "../../../components/StackBlitz.astro";

> This example demonstrates a custom page, which uses the experimental [Content Layer API](https://astro.build/blog/future-of-astro-content-layer/) to list recent releases for a GitHub repository.

Reviewer: I’m also a bit tempted to avoid the link and “experimental” so we don’t need to update this page in a month or whenever 5.0 is stable. What do you think? There are pros and cons I guess.

```suggestion
This example demonstrates a custom page, which uses Astro’s Content Layer API to list recent releases for a GitHub repository.
```

Author: Considering I mention multiple times it's experimental and link to the announcement in my guide, and that now there is a link to it, I think it's fine to remove them. I also have a todo to remove the experimental mention and link to the official docs in my guide once it's released.

> 

Reviewer: I think we should definitely include a link to your blog post. Maybe something like this?

```suggestion

Read [a full write-up of this technique](https://hideoo.dev/notes/starlight-list-recent-github-releases) on HiDeoo’s blog.

```
